Document mobile deeplinks (#1928)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: sdk/guides/use-deeplinks.md

---
description: Use deeplinks to connect to users' mobile wallets.
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

# Use deeplinks

> You can use deeplinks to route your users to specific locations and pre-configured functions in the MetaMask Mobile app.
> For example, you can create a deeplink that enables users to make payments in one click—with the token, recipient, and amount already set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deeplinks route users to specific locations and pre-configured functions in the MetaMask Mobile app. For example, you can create a deeplink that lets users make one-click payments with a preset token, recipient, and amount.
```

### Path parameters

- `recipient` - Address of the recipient.
- `chainId` - (Optional) Chain ID of the network to use.

### Query string parameters

- `value` - Amount to be transferred, in the native currency's smallest unit.

## Send an ERC-20 token

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="Deeplink">

```text
https://metamask.app.link/send/{contractAddress}@{chainId}/transfer
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Example">

```text
https://metamask.app.link/send/0x176211869cA2b568f2A7D4EE941E073a821EE1ff@59144/transfer?address=0x0000000&uint256=1e6
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

This deeplink starts the process of sending a transaction in an ERC-20 token.
If the chain ID is specified, MetaMask Mobile automatically switches to the correct network.

The example displays the confirmation screen to send 1 USDC (`1e6` units, contract address `0x176211869cA2b568f2A7D4EE941E073a821EE1ff`) on Linea (chain ID `59144`) to recipient address `0x0000000`.

### Path parameters

- `contractAddress` - Contract address of the ERC-20 token.
- `chainId` - (Optional) Chain ID of the network to use.

### Query string parameters

- `address` - Address of the recipient.

> - `uint256` - Amount to be transferred, in the token's smallest units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `uint256` - Amount to be transferred, in the token's smallest unit.
```
